You are, to my knowledge, the only leader of
a prominent nation who was abducted by aliens
and taken up on a spacecraft while you were a
sitting president in 1997. You are constantly
using the term abducted. I was invited by
them. The episode you're about to watch is
truly historic. I'm here with the great Kiran Ilum
Xenov. Not only was he president of Kalikia at the
time of his alien visitation, but he was also
president of feday, the world chess federation,
he was in Vladimir Putin's inner circle
for decades. Has met many world leaders,
including American presidents and secretaries of
state. He knew some notorious figures like Saddam
Hussein and Gaddafi very well, but also befriended
Pope John Paul II. And because he was president of
the only European Buddhist republic of Russia,
he also happens to be very close friends to this
day with his holiness the Daly Lama. So over
centuries, we have some special relations.
Kiran describes his entire experience in full
detail. There was something like a translucent
pipe glowing made of some matter. So, I went
along this tube and there was something like
a fiery like a planet giving off heat. In this
exclusive interview, we get his chief of staff on
record for the first time, saying that he searched
Kan's penthouse apartment for hours and then one
of the rooms that they had thoroughly scanned, he
just walked out of. It's so trippy. Beyond that,
we discuss Putin and Trump's knowledge of
UFOs and aliens. What do you think the Daly
Lama thinks about UFOs and extraterrestrials? Will
Kersonan even gives direct historical examples of
the US and Soviets sharing knowledge on UFOs.
Thank you. Nice to see you. He even gives a
fascinating anecdote about his longtime friend,
American Secretary of State Henry Kissinger. Henry
Kissinger was watching me closely. He was a man of
few words. And Gorbachev sitting next to him said,
"Come on, Henry, tell him." And if that's
not all, Keran reveals that the president
of a large sovereign nation that happens to be
a close friend of his was also visited by aliens
while he was on a fishing trip. Because Kiran
courageously went public with his own experience,
this president felt comfortable confiding
in Kiran with the full details of his story.
A story that's never been told before but that
Keran relays here. Trump, Putin, Xi Jinping, these
world leaders at the highest level. Do you think
they're aware of the alien presence and UFOs and
UFO programs? The president of the United States
had a small folder like this that he opened and
showed to Brev. Something quite interesting was in
that folder. But after that meeting, all research
and all flights to the moon suddenly stopped. So
without further ado, sit back, relax, and prepare
to ascend into a higher dimensional space with
this week's Calian Alchemist, Keran Ium Xenov.
This episode is sponsored by Incogn. If you
think UFO secrets are wild, you should see what
data brokers keep on you. I'm not exaggerating.
These companies track every search and every late
night rabbit hole you've gone down at 1:00 a.m.
They build full files on you and push it around
the internet like it's public information. That's
why I personally use Incogn. Incogn data brokers,
more than 250 of them, and forces them to delete
your information. Not just hide it, not minimize
it, they completely delete it. It's like having
a full-time private investigator fending off all
of your stalkers. If you find your info sitting
on some sketchy peoplefinder site, you drop the
URL into your dashboard and incogn handles the
takedown. So, if you care about your privacy or
you just don't want your digital footprint being
bought and sold by strangers, get Incogn. Take
your personal data back with Incogn. Use code
American Alchemy at incogn.com/ameanalchemy
for 60% off an annual plan.
again incogn.com/ameanalchemy
code American alchemy. I'm here with the
great Kiran Ilum Xenov. This is an honor.
I can't wait to speak to you today. You were
the president of Kikia, which is one of three
Russian republics that is Buddhist and the only
European Russian republic that is Buddhist. And
you were also president of the World Chess
Federation. And perhaps most importantly
for the purposes of our show which covers
extraterrestrials and the nature of reality,
you are to my knowledge the only leader of a
prominent nation who was abducted by aliens and
taken up on a spacecraft while you were a sitting
president in 1997. And so it's an absolute honor
uh uh to be with you. I want to maybe
just start with the abduction itself.
We spoke a little bit about this, but uh what
what happened to you in September of 1997? Well,
the most ordinary thing happened probably what
happens to many aliens that is earthlings. You
know, we call them aliens and they call us the
same because we are the fifth civilization on
our earth. Everything seemed ordinary.
It was at the end of September 1997.
I was in Moscow on a business trip at that time.
I was getting ready to return to Kelmikia to hold
the youth self-government week. In Kalikia, we
carried out an experiment where we handed over all
the power in the republic to young people under
25 from the position of president of Kalikia to
ministers, the prime minister and district heads.
Before that, they trained for about a year. The
idea was to show that everything moves forward,
that the new generation must learn and take
on responsibility. So it was a regular working
environment. And around 10:00 in the evening, I
returned from our Republic of Kmikia office, which
is located in Moscow, not far from my apartment.
I got there, turned on the television as usual,
and lay down to sleep to get some rest. Later,
I kept analyzing the situation. Was it a dream
or not? But I had three witnesses. The driver,
my assistant, the minister of the Republic of
Kelmikia, and my friend who came for me the next
day. So I turned off the television and then it
was like a vision, like a half dream, but I think
it was reality because I saw someone or rather
some sound was coming. My apartment is on the top
floor, only the roof above. There were no nearby
balconies to move from one to another. It was
September and I always sleep with an open window.
And now someone is calling me. I approached the
window and there was something like a translucent
pipe glowing made of some matter. Or maybe it was
some kind of energy and someone called me to
go there. At first, I thought about whether
to go or not, like any person would because
it was kind of in plain sight. But I decided
to go. Everything unknown is interesting to me.
So I went along this tube or corridor and found
myself in a space, a very large space. There were
many people or rather beings very similar to us.
As the great Buddha wrote 2,600 years ago, in
our solar system, there are four more planets
similar to planet Earth where practically the same
exact people live only with different skin color
and therefore it wasn't too surprising to me.
You know in childhood when we played football
we saw a saucer hovering over the football field
a few dozen boys watching it. Then when I was at
the Artekch summer camp near Mount Aayudag in
the Republic of Crimea and later when I served
in the Soviet army as well. So what did the aliens
look like? Their faces and what were they wearing?
I saw them clearly, although there was a bit of
a lack of air. They were wearing yellow garments.
One of them kind of suggested that I should
press somewhere here on the chest. I pressed
and then it was easy to breathe again. I felt
pretty comfortable. The air even smelled like
the sea or the forest or something. I was pretty
calm. I wasn't nervous. I just asked, "Will we be
here for long?" They said, "We'll be back soon."
Then I remembered the science fiction stories I
had read about time fluctuation. I said, "Maybe an
hour will pass here, and on earth a hundred or a
thousand years will have passed, and when we will
return there, I will not meet my friends, nor my
family, nor anyone. Maybe we will find ourselves
there in another time, in another millennium."
But the one who was escorting me said, "It's fine.
We'll return you to where we took you from." And
at the same time, I was a bit surprised at first
because I was speaking and they were not reminded
me of my meetings with the Bulgarian prophet
Baba Vanga, a very famous prophet. She was blind.
She was answering before the translator had
time to finish asking the question. It was
the same situation with those beings who were
well on our planet at that moment in time. So
I calmly asked a question and they answered
through thoughts. You know there was once a
state or rather a civilization called Atlantis
where people also communicated through thoughts.
And even now on Earth, there is a tribe in
Australia that communicates with each other
over distance. I asked to be shown around to
see where I was. It was probably a spaceship,
a very large open space, like several football
fields large. No one paid attention to me.
Everyone seemed to be busy with their own tasks.
They were walking around moving. Something was
flickering like screens, different colors, images.
I asked, "Can you connect to the television from
here?" There are many channels like CNN or Russia
Today, Al Jazzer. I said, "Why can't you address
the people of Earth right now? Let the people of
Earth know that you exist, that you have arrived
and now observing. Or I can address them instead
and say that I have met you interesting ones. We
have waited for you so long. People like the great
Chilovski and Sergey Coralev. The first person in
space, Yuri Gagarin on the 12th of April 1961. And
when he was sitting in the spacecraft, engines on,
the first words he said with which you started
today's interview, let's go. And then Gagarin said
the words, "Let's go." and the rocket lifted off
from the ground towards the new, the unknown. They
looked at me and said, "It's still early. You have
not yet reached the level in your civilization's
development to communicate with us." I said,
"How come we have television, the internet,
spacecrafts?" They asked, "Do you converse with
ants?" I say, "No, well, we haven't learned to
talk to ants yet. We live in different dimensions.
Your only achievement in civilization is that we
created you, the intelligent beings here. Not
only humans, but everything that surrounds us,
like animals, everything living around us also
has intelligence. The same goes for cats, dogs,
cows, and so on. Your only civilizational leap is
that before you used to eat them raw and now you
kill and cook them and eat them in restaurants by
candle light. That is your level of development.
Every creature that lives in the universe must
go through certain stages and you still destroy
each other. We kind of created you here. gave
you a beautiful land, rivers, lakes, seas,
and you pollute it with industrial waste. Burn,
cut down these forests. Right now, there are over
117 armed conflicts happening around the world.
You are so beautiful. You have two arms, two legs,
a head on your shoulders. Yet you direct all your
science and efforts towards inventing weapons
to kill each other as much as possible. Whether
it's bacterial, chemical weapons, atomic weapons,
or neutron weapons, you are always coming up
with ways to kill more people. I recall the
words of Nobel Prize winner Albert Einstein
when he was asked, "What will the third world
war be like? What weapons will be used?" He
said, "I don't know about the third world war,
but I know what people will use in the fourth
world war. Sticks and clubs like our ancestors."
And so that's where our discussion ended
about whether to connect to television or
not. On the other hand, they said they didn't
want to disrupt the course of our civilization.
You are currently at an embryionic level still.
You have a scientist Charles Darwin. He said that
everything evolves evolutionarily. First living
beings were in the water, then they came out of
it. Then there was a monkey and so humans evolved
from monkeys. On the other hand, there are various
religious teachings. You have books like the
Bible and Christianity and others like Islam,
Buddhism, Judaism and others that talks about
something else. So just imagine if we say on
television now that we have been here for a long
time, millennia, millions of years watching and
not only us but others too. Back in his time, the
great scientist, the Russian scientist Constantine
Siokovski said that not even the whole universe,
but simply our own galaxy, the solar system,
is teameming with different intelligent
civilizations. And until we overcome our
egoentrism, such contact, communication probably
won't happen. Official science constantly proves
that the only intelligent being is the humans on
this planet. If we don't overcome this, then we
will never meet anyone and will constantly remain
in these three spaces in three dimensions. So,
we only know three dimensions, right? But there is
a fourth and a fifth. While we are talking here in
this beautiful place in the center of Trana, the
capital of Albania, maybe there are other parallel
worlds, too. Maybe they are playing chess having
a conversation. And what did the spaceship look
like? I know you said it was big, maybe multiple
soccer fields. What was the kind of architecture
like? And was it was it metal? Did it look like it
was from material not made of this earth? I only
saw it from the inside because I was immediately
there. It was a large space, like several football
fields large. Then we walked for a while. There
were screens or like glass sheets. But the most
interesting thing I noticed when I later analyzed
the whole situation was that they weren't paying
attention to me at all. One of them was just
telling me something and that was it. I just
appeared there and it didn't matter. They were
tall, dressed in these yellow outfits. That's
it. And they didn't really pay attention to me.
One of them led me to a large port hole, like a
port hole window. And the reason I realized it was
a ship was because it wasn't just hovering over
Moscow. It seemed to move freely, shifting through
different times, different spaces, and different
dimensions. Why? Because on Earth, you couldn't
see anything like that. I was looking and there
was something like a fiery well like a planet
giving off heat. And from there they were taking
out some kind of cylinders or maybe not cylinders,
more like boxes. They were loading those into the
ship. Maybe they were collecting something. Maybe
conducting experiments. Maybe they had landed on
some planet while I was there. They might have
gone down there and taken those boxes with them.
We were probably moving through space. Maybe
it came from the fourth dimension. Because
now according to quantum mechanics, according to
quantum theory, objects can move in a matter of
seconds from one end of the universe to another.
Well, maybe it was Earth just on the other side.
Maybe it was the far side of the moon, but on the
inside it was kind of ordinary. Well, like a room.
They resemble us, as I already mentioned, tall
yellow clothing. They practically did not speak.
probably communicated thoughts to each other over
a distance. I didn't feel anything unusual. Well,
it seemed like I was in some kind of laboratory,
a scientific laboratory or a practical laboratory.
I realized it was a spaceship because there were
somewhat different people around me. But on the
other hand, perhaps they could influence the
state of the mind so that a person wouldn't go
insane immediately. Because when I returned back
to reality to my apartment in the city of Moscow,
I felt normal. My friends were already in the
apartment looking for me for over an hour and
couldn't find me. And then I came out of the
bedroom, which they had entered and exited 10
times already. They even called the police.
Everyone was looking for me. They arrived to
pick me up at 11:00 in the morning. My assistant
had the keys. He opened the door. They went in,
went to the kitchen to put the kettle on. Then
my friend says, "We need to wake Kirsten up. We
have to go to the airport." The bedroom door was
open. They go in and I'm not there. Slippers are
in place. Phones are in place. They check the
bathroom and every other room in the apartment,
but well, I wasn't there. The balcony door was
open and that's it. They went downstairs, asked
the security, and he said, "Well, I didn't see him
leave anywhere. The building isn't very big." They
checked the video cameras. No one arrived or
left. No one flew out, but the camera wasn't
looking at the sky. Mostly at the entrance and
exit, and for a whole hour, they were searching,
wondering where I was. Vasili, how long have you
worked with uh Kanan Yumab? about uh 40 years.
Wow. 40 years. Amazing. So very long history.
You guys are very close. Yes. What happened
on the night of September 17th, 1997? Well, that
was a long time ago. The driver, a mutual friend,
and I went to his apartment. We were supposed to
take him to the airport. He was flying out at 1:00
in the afternoon that day to Alista, which is the
capital of Kalikia. When we arrived at the house,
I called him on the phone, but he didn't answer.
So, I decided to go up to the apartment. I had my
own keys. I rang the bell first. He didn't open. I
unlocked the apartment with my key, went into one
room, then another. He wasn't there. Not in the
kitchen either. Then I saw his clothes hanging.
Two mobile phones were lying on the nightstand.
I was surprised. Where did he go? So I called my
friend up. I said, "Something weird is going on.
We have a situation. His things are here, but he's
nowhere to be found." Then some time passed, maybe
an hour, and suddenly he appears from the bedroom,
even though he wasn't there before. I was
so surprised. Where did you come from,
Kersonen? You weren't here. He laughed and said,
"Well, aliens took me." And after a certain time,
I just came out of the bedroom and went to the
bathroom. They followed me into the bathroom and
started touching me like, "Are you alive or not?"
I said, "Alive?" "Well, where were you?" I said,
"I was flying with friends. They were showing
me their ship or something like that. Yes,
I was in space. Well, that's interesting. They
say, "No, you're probably joking." I say, "No,
it's true." When Keran came back down on the ship,
um, or however he got back into that room and you
asked him what had happened, he said to you,
"I was taken by extraterrestrials." And then
at that point, did you ask a lot of follow-up
questions? Did you learn anything about his
interactions with these extraterrestrials?
I asked him. And how did you communicate
with them? In what language? He said, "At some
subconscious level." Interesting. And did you
learn anything else about the exact communication
between him and the extraterrestrials? Did he ask
them any questions and learn any interesting
information that he then relayed to you? A
difficult question. Well, you see, communication
probably happens through thoughts, most likely,
but he didn't tell me much. Maybe there were some
secrets. Secrets from everyone else. Because he
communicated with them privately, you could say.
So why was my state normal? Not surprised. Well,
because I was there, probably on purpose. They
probably have this effect so that a person
doesn't go crazy. So they don't take them to a
psychiatric hospital, right? Back in 199798 when
I talked with one of the NASA representatives, he
says, "We officially record about 4,000 cases a
year when people notice unidentified objects like
saucers and some talk about their contacts." Well,
why was I chosen? I think it's because I was
supposed to say something about it. Who did
you speak to at NASA who told you about the 4,000
encounters a year? I met with many people. I can't
remember all the names right now. I have business
cards though. It was very interesting back then.
Not only with NASA, but also with other space
research centers in France, Japan, China, and
India. After I mentioned that I had a contact, I
received many letters and inquiries. At that time,
I was the president of the Republic of Kelmikia
and the president of the World Chess Federation,
FID, which now includes about 200 countries. I was
also a senator and a member of the Parliament of
the Russian Federation. I visited other countries
both officially and unofficially and I had many
friends in the United States of America. I
was friends with Henry Kissinger, met with
Jimmy Carter and with many other presidents and
representatives of NASA. I interacted with them
back then in the 1990s. Well, for them it was a
known thing, self-evident. And then when we talked
with the former president of the Soviet Union,
Mikail Gorbachov, he also spoke about the fact
that there are various civilizations that have
made contact with representatives of our earth.
Well, I'm sure you can probably just ask. Just
call NASA. I'm sure my visit was registered there
somehow. Or maybe not. But a few people from
there invited me for a friendly lunch. When
I was visiting as a member of the Russian
Parliament in the United States Congress,
um I received a call. Someone introduced
themselves saying, "We're from NASA. We heard
about your statement and would like to meet."
They invited me for lunch. During the lunch,
we had a friendly conversation. But it wasn't just
representatives from NASA. There were also leaders
from other countries. One of the presidents of
a country which is part of the group of seven
leading countries in the world. When I was at a
dinner at his home while visiting that country,
he started asking about my contacts with them.
And his wife says, "Well, you saw it too. We
saw it when you were on vacation at the ocean.
Tell him." He says, "Am I stupid or what? I have
parliamentary elections in 6 months. my party
is running. They'll say that the party leader,
the president of the country is a bit crazy.
The people there will never elect. I didn't say
right away that I met them. I thought for a long
time about whether to say it or not. After all,
at that time in 1997, I held many official
positions. I was also the president of the Russian
Chamber of Businessmen and Entrepreneurs. So, if I
declare that I well communicate or meet aliens on
a flying saucer? How will my fellow businessmen,
friends like Oenheimer or Rockefeller, Rothschild
and other businessmen from other countries regard
me? How will senators, members of parliaments
communicate with me? How will presidents of
countries look at me? Do you speculate as
to why they took Kanan? Do you think it affected
him in any way, either positively or negatively?
A difficult question. People are afraid to admit
that they believe in aliens, have seen aliens.
You see, it takes some courage to talk about it
because it can be interpreted in different ways.
You have to understand he held a really
high position back then. Absolutely. I
I agree. You understand what I'm talking about,
right? Yeah. Do you remember if the
Russian government investigated the
uh experience at all? Did they look into it?
I know Kiran spoke with Boris Yeltson at the
time. He also debriefed Putin. Do you know if
they looked into it at all? Well, actually,
he said that he talked with Yeltson about this
story. Whether Yeltson reported it to Putin,
I'm not aware. And did the Russian government come
to you guys at all and ask further questions about
what happened? Did they investigate at all or did
they just kind of brush it off and not think twice
about it? There were some talks with journalists.
You know, some close associates asked around
government type. As a politician, you need to
calculate how your action or how your decree
or regulation will affect the development of
the country. So, I took two sheets of paper
and started writing the cons. I always start with
the cons. If tomorrow I declare to the press that
I've met with extraterrestrials or traveled on a
spacecraft, what would people think? What would
my business associates say? They'd probably ask,
"How can we possibly conduct business with you?
How could we entrust you with $100? You just hand
it over to the aliens and fly away with them." So,
just the cons list was about 10 to 20 points.
Then a second sheet of paper with the pros.
If tomorrow I tell journalists and my colleagues
that I met with aliens, what would that give me?
Some PR? I was already well known in the country
and worldwide. I had an audience. Maybe it would
bring in more votes. But it's the opposite. People
would start talking stuff. And that is precisely
what happened. The 13th World Chess Champion, Gary
Kasparov, immediately began to state, "What kind
of president of the World Chess Federation
can Kersonen be? If he has met with aliens,
he must be removed and replaced. How can he
possibly lead the chess federation if he's
mentally unstable? The opposition, including
communists and others within the Republic of
Kalmikia, immediately will declare, "We absolutely
must reelect the president of the republic. He is
clearly not fit for office. He needs to be sent to
a mental institution. He needs to be treated." So,
there wasn't a single pro really. And so, I didn't
mention it. I was thinking about it. And then as
if in a dream one night while I was sleeping I
heard, "What are you afraid of? Why aren't you
speaking? You met with us, didn't you?" I thought,
"What do I have to be afraid of? Perhaps I need to
take a bold step or a heroic deed even. Someone
has to be the first to speak up." If a farmer had
said it or, you know, a doctor or just an ordinary
laborer, they would probably say he'd had too much
vodka or perhaps took some substances and now
telling stories. So, I've been thinking about
it quite a bit. What if the president say it or
even twice the president? Because I am both the
president of the republic and the president
of chess federation. Then they might treat
it a little differently. But still when I spoke
about it everyone just started laughing, mocking
and joking about it. And look almost 30 years have
passed already and people still don't understand.
To this day they don't understand me. They think
that they are alone in this universe and on this
earth. Do you have any alternative explanation for
what happened to Kan that night? Have you thought
of anything else that's possible beyond him being
taken by extraterrestrials aboard a spacecraft?
Well, teleportation maybe. And you fully trust
Kiran. He would never be dishonest with you.
He's a very honest man, an honest person. I've
known him for a long time. As I said, I met him
over 40 years ago. We've been going through life
together ever since. It was the year 97. How old
was I? 35. 35 years old. And behind me, well, I
was already the president of Kelmia. By the way,
I entered the Guinness Book of Records twice. As
the youngest president in the world and as the
only person who held two official positions at the
same time, president of the World Chess Federation
and president of the Republic of Kia and on top
of that, I was a member of Parliament, a member
of the Senate. I was also the president of the
Russian Chamber of Entrepreneurs and an adviser
to many presidents around the world including
the president of South Korea and the president
of Mongolia. I had friends in many countries.
I traveled a lot. One time I set a record. In a
single year I visited 108 countries. 108 in one
year. That's amazing. And yeah, I wasn't going
there as a tourist, not to look around the city or
anything like that. I was going there to work. You
arrive in the morning, meet with the president,
then hold a press conference with the prime
minister. In the morning, you're in Uruguay. By
lunch, you're in Paraguay. In the evening, Brazil,
the next day, New York, Boston, then Canada, and
so on. It was non-stop. Why am I saying all this?
To show that I wasn't some unstable person, right?
I'm not crazy. Because when I said I had met with
extraterrestrials, people thought Kanan had gone
cuckoo off my rocker. Right. Right. I had a lot
behind me, a lot of business. Back in the early
90s, I had more than 50 companies. I founded the
first trading exchange, Russian paper. So, I had
business, politics, connections. I was friends
with the Rockefeller family, the Henry Kissinger
family, the Oppenheimer family, the Rothschild
family. I did business with families like that,
traveled and so on. But but in September of 1997,
they came to me. They flew down from the
sky. They landed and they said, "Kersonen,
come with us to the spaceship." Why do you think
they took you? Did Did they tell you why they took
you specifically? And not only me. Later after
I gave that interview, dozens and even hundreds
of politicians, even presidents of countries told
me that they had met them too. A certain critical
mass is forming. They took me and maybe they took
some housewife and a pilot and someone else. They
keep taking more and more people. So I think
they're following an evolutionary path to create
a critical mass of understanding so that as many
people as possible, as many living beings, humans
would begin to realize that we are not alone.
And they told me you are all egocentrics. I said,
"When will you start communicating with us, with
me, with humanity?" And they said that when you
reach a certain level of your civilization, your
level of civilization does not allow us to speak
with you and your level of civilization does not
allow you to understand us. I mean even if you
look at our own history only about 400 years
ago here in Europe in Italy right here nearby
literally a 100red meters from here in the square
people were being burned. People were taken and
burned for saying that the earth is round and that
was only 400 years ago. They say, "What kind of
civilization are you talking about?" Did you come
back with any sort of marks on your body or any
physical effects? Any any anything change as far
as your mentality? No. I could easily just make
something up. Say they implanted some kind of chip
in me or did something else changed me. But no,
the only thing I truly felt was that deep down
in my soul, I always believed and knew we were
not alone. For me, this was a source of great
joy. I was so happy that I, one of the very
few or perhaps many, actually got to see them. It
brought me immense joy that I was able to witness
them myself. But I didn't discover any mental or
physical changes in my body or in my mental state.
It simply gave me the confidence that we need to
actively try to seek out contact with them and for
that we must work on our collective soul. Humanity
I mean do you know where the aliens came from?
Did they come from another planet or a parallel
dimension? Did they tell you specifically? I did
ask where are you from? That was one of the very
first questions. I was really curious. You know,
I asked many questions and received a lot
of answers. And I can't really talk about
all of those questions and answers right now.
Well, perhaps the time hasn't quite come yet,
but I remember there were formulas like not
on a blackboard, but like in space. He'd
conjure them up one after another. There were
various symbols. I don't recall the letters or
numbers. Now, I clearly saw it right there
in front of me. What I truly regret now is
When I returned home to my apartment, the three
friends of mine started pushing me, asking,
"What's up? Where have you been?" They couldn't
believe where I was. But I just needed to grab
a pen and write all of it down. Everything that I
saw, cuz then it just kind of wore off and faded.
I mean, you know, one thing I can still clearly
recall is that feeling of lightness and pure joy.
I was smiling the entire time and my friends would
pinch me saying, "He's alive. He's alive." I told
them I was on another planet. And even now,
after all this time, was it 97? Yes. Almost
30 years have gone by. But still, when I think
back on it, I always get this feeling of joy and
a smile appears on my face. It's because I got
to see my friends. Do you remember anything else
that you learned from the answers they gave to
your questions? The main thing I'd really like
to relay is the same what's written in those holy
books. All these ancient texts did not appear out
of nowhere. You know, the vadas, the Quran, the
Bible, the Talmud. Or take Leonardo da Vinci for
example. He was given information as well. You
see, how is it even possible, you might ask,
500 years ago in the 15th century to sketch a
submarine, a helicopter, an airplane, advanced
technical devices that would only be invented
centuries later? Where did these ideas come
to him from? This means they must have come from
above. Perhaps aliens were the ones who told him.
When you look at the old irrigation systems, the
whole water supply, the milleration work in Egypt,
things no computer today could really calculate
or the buildings in Peru or in Lebanon, in Egypt,
the pyramids, they built it with such precision.
Right now, no modern technology can, you know,
actually recreate that. Even the largest cranes
we have today couldn't lift these 100 ton stone
blocks, the slabs used in building ancient
palaces. Meaning a person today just couldn't
build that, couldn't build it now. So it must have
been another civilization that built it and they
still stand. Or take the pillar in the center
of Delhi in India. It's got 99.9% iron and in
modern conditions, no metallurgical plant, not a
single blast furnace can produce iron that pure.
You can walk right up to that pillar, touch it,
all of that. Or for example, in Brazil, when
they're sawing through marble mountains, cutting
marble slabs, they find pieces of a clock inside
the marble. They even found a gear. How is that
possible? This marble took millions and millions
of years to form. And how did this metallic
thing get in there? Many things like these, these
artifacts that people seem to want to explain
but thus far simply cannot. We interrupt this
broadcast for a very important briefing. You've
been selected purely at random and definitely not
monitored to attend a routineformational briefing
regarding odd happenings across the globe.
There's absolutely nothing unusual about
this. That's right. It's probably nothing.
Agents Ramsay and Michaels will embark on
a perfectly ordinary North American tour
to discuss strange sightings, testimonies, and
evidence that will force the government to say,
"It's probably nothing." Each evening's
sessions will feature expert analysis,
audience interrogation, and at least one moment
where you turn to the person next to you and
whisper, "Well, rest assured, it's probably
nothing." Should you experience confusion,
excitement, or sudden clarity
during the show, do not worry.
It's probably nothing. Whether you're a believer,
a skeptic, or simply dating one, your attendance
is highly encouraged and statistically safe.
So, if you're in Austin, Texas, or in Montreal,
Canada, go to itsprobably nothing.com to
secure your seats today. And remember,
crash saucers, mysterious abductions,
nuclear flyovers, it's probably nothing.
Now back to your regular scheduled programming.
Uh you mentioned all these amazing figures that
you met, Kissinger, Rockefeller, Rothschild, all
these sort of, you know, names. Um can you talk
about your interactions with Kissinger? You know,
I've uh explored maybe the fact that he knew about
extraterrestrials and actually was in charge of
some UFO efforts for the United States. Do you
think that was the case? I have met with Henry
Kissinger many times. The first time was during
my first visit with a parliamentary delegation
from the Soviet Union in 1990, then again in 1991.
I visited him at his apartment. He is a chess
player, a good one, too. We played more than
once. Back then, in the 1990s, when we used
to meet, the conversations were usually only
about politics. Then, a few years later, he
was in Moscow during one of his visits to the
city. He was friends with the first president
of the Soviet Union, Mikail Sergey Gorbachov.
I was also friends with Gorbachev. We communicated
a lot. So one time Gorbachev called and said,
"We're coming over. Heat up the sauna." So they
both visited me. Henry Kissinger was watching
me closely. He was a man of few words. When he
was in company like that, he mostly kept quiet,
just asking questions. That's how he
was. Very thoughtful. Talked about chess.
Back then the world championship was being
held in the United States. He asked about
the championship about the world champion. And
then he suddenly asked well how was it? I didn't
understand. He was like how are they? How are
they feeling? What were they talking about? At
first I thought maybe he was asking about some
political meeting. He said well don't be shy.
I read, I heard about it. So I told him a bit
about everything. He was like, "Yes, interesting,
interesting, and not much else." And Gorbachev
sitting next to him said, "Come on, Henry,
tell him. You should tell him everything." He just
smiled, but he did not say anything at the time.
And then probably a few years later, we met him
again. He was visiting Gorbachev and me as well.
They stopped by my place again. That time he
was a bit more talkative and we had a bit of
a conversation. From our discussion, I understood
that he is very familiar with the materials, that
he is well-versed and very deep in the subject,
and that he knows a lot about the materials and
the documents that are located at the United
States President's Administration or CIA or
NASA. He was asking about it and talking about
it in a professional way. Very interesting stuff.
So then during this very meeting, Gorbachoff when
the three of us were sitting reminded us about the
folder that KGB chairman Yuri Andropov had told
him about. They were friends with Gorbachev. And
so one time Andropov shared a story about the
first meeting between the leader of the Soviet
Union Leaned Brev and the president of the United
States. I think it was Nixon at the time. After
the meeting ended and only a few people remained,
the president of the United States had a small
folder like this that he opened and showed to
Brev and Andropov was present at that meeting.
He was invited as the chairman of the KGB.
Something quite interesting was in that folder.
But after that meeting, all research and all
flights to the moon suddenly stopped. You know,
the United States and the Soviet Union were in
a race back then, a competition to see who would
send more ships to the moon. The United States,
NASA, sent astronauts. The very first astronaut,
Armstrong, and others who landed and walked on
the moon, and the Soviet Union, for its part,
sent rovers, and significant expeditions from both
sides were already being prepared for deployment.
However, following this crucial meeting between
the two presidents, everything abruptly came to a
complete stop. All funding for lunar exploration
was entirely halted, both from the Soviet Union
and from US. And what it all came down to, just as
Gorbachoff himself told me, was this very folder
that the US president showed to our leader.
Back then, there was a special department of
administration within the KGB of the USSR for
researching these unknown flying and not just
flying, but also underwater objects. They were
found deep underwater. Some massive shining search
lights were observed and recorded by English,
American, Soviet, and Russian sailors. And yet,
regardless of everything, the exploration of the
moon simply ceased. Do you think Trump, Putin,
Xi Jinping, these world leaders at the highest
level, do you think they're aware of the alien
presence and UFOs and UFO programs? Of course they
understand. As leaders of nations, they must be
informed. Believe in yourself. Believe your own
mind. That's on the one hand. On the other hand,
individuals of such a significant caliber like
Putin, Trump, Xiinping, Modi, and other leaders of
these very large and influential nations are not
simply people elected by the populace, but rather,
if one were to put it that way, people chosen
by God or by the universal consciousness. They
say you just cast a ballot, you drop a piece of
paper in there. But no, if people like that come
to power, then they influence the course of the
development of civilization, the course of the
development of humanity. Whether it is good or
bad, they are already influencing things. Not
by themselves, but through something that is given
to them, some kind of force that comes from above,
some combined energy that expresses itself
in this president. and in another president
as well. And that is why I always said that
a president elected by the people is not only
elected by the people, he is chosen by God.
Have you ever asked to see a UFO? Assuming
that both the Russians and the Americans have
them in their possession in different hangers,
aerospace, have you ever said, "Hey, I was
taken up on the ship. Can I maybe see a UFO?"
Well, leaders probably know something about
it. I'm thinking of the president of the United
States. Do you remember in 1961 or 1960? John
Kennedy declared he wanted to declassify some
secret files concerning aliens and UFOs. But then
a tragic incident occurred and he was killed.
They didn't allow him to reveal it. And to
this day, everyone is still stirred up by
Area 51 located in the United States. Recently,
my friends were in the United States and wanted
to drive up there to take a look. But when they
drove up, the military didn't let them through.
It's guarded in a way that makes no sense.
Like, it's the most secret site ever. They
don't let tourists in. They don't let anyone in.
Nobody can really get close to it. What's there?
Maybe it's the remains of a spacecraft. Maybe
someone is there. Maybe there are some kinds
of technologies stored there. Well, something
strange is there if they don't let anyone in.
And I was also speaking with one of the leaders of
a certain country, a European nation. Back then,
I had extremely good relations with him. And when
I was a guest at his home, we went for a walk.
We had some tea then left the house and walked
in the park for a while and he was telling me
something very interesting about these things. I
said well you should tell people give an interview
if you have the material. He's not the president
anymore. That was I think 25 30 years ago. He says
I cannot I do not have the right to say. I met
several times with the previous pope John Paul II.
I think it was during his time in the late 80s.
The pope signed a decree and a special observatory
was established right there inside the Vatican.
They've opened an observatory and appointed one
of their bishops as the director for research into
all these extraterrestrial civilizations and UFOs.
If the Vatican has opened it, then there must be
something to it. So, the Vatican has a dedicated
UFO researcher in the observatory. Well, as far as
I know, their research is classified, but such a
department still exists to this day. It hasn't
been disbanded. But back then, when I met the
Roman Pope in 1994, I didn't quite understand it.
He had this phrase, well, not exactly a phrase,
but the idea was that we are not alone. We
are not alone in this universe. You know,
he was friends with the 14th Dalai Lama, the head
of the Buddhists. They would periodically meet
and hold debates on the soul's reincarnation, like
how a person dies, how many times they are reborn,
is there rebirth, is there life after death? In
Christianity, a person is born and then there's
the judgment of God. You either go to heaven or
you go to hell. Right? But in Buddhism, a person
is reborn. They live again. They go through 108
lives. One life, then another all the way to the
108th. I'm living my 69th life. Now, that's what
the Buddhist monks told me. So, I take this life
calmly. If something doesn't work out in the end,
if I don't manage to discuss everything, don't get
to meet other civilizations. will well for now I
think humanity isn't ready to communicate directly
to meet with them because we haven't yet risen
in our spiritual and mental development. What
do you think the Daly Lama thinks about UFOs and
extraterrestrials? Well, he also says we're not
alone. But the Dalai Lama and Buddhism, they look
at it in a much broader way. I see it the same way
as well. Meaning, you do need to look up there
far into the sky. But we keep looking out there
while we still haven't really studied what's going
on right here in our own head. Our brain is right
here in our head. But it only works at 3 to 4%.
Some use 1%, others maybe a little more like those
who play chess, perhaps four or 5%, maybe more.
But 95% of our brain remains unexplored. Perhaps
if we study the brain more for instance in Russia
there's a brain institute. If we delve deeper into
brain research then perhaps without any need for
spacecraft or such we will be able to move through
space we will communicate with each other. We will
become much smarter and so on. And therefore while
serving as the president I led the world chess
federation for 23 long years. And for me the
guiding principle was this. 1 billion intelligent
people, 1 billion chess players can truly change
the world. We must change the world specifically
within our own consciousness. And so I tried to
introduce chess in schools. So children would
start playing from childhood. Why? Because chess
is the only activity that allows you to train
both the left and right hemispheres to look one
move ahead, two moves ahead, five moves ahead. And
if people for their own good learn to look ahead,
then I believe there will be peace and people
will spend more of their money on science,
on healthcare. You know, back in my time in the
'9s, I addressed the heads of state at the United
Nations, every single year, we spend trillions
and trillions of dollars on creating weapons
just to kill one another. And imagine if all 203
countries, the ones in the UN, agreed and said,
"Let's take this year and all those what a hundred
billion or even a trillion dollars that go into
making weapons, rockets, bombs, all kinds of
munitions, and instead direct it toward the study
of our human brain, or for the creation of a new
medicine against oncology, against cancer, against
diabetes, against Alzheimer's disease. Let's take
these funds and direct them towards ourselves for
our health and for the study of our own brains.
Then perhaps we would develop much faster. But for
some reason the members of parliament and people
elect these parliaments whether it's in Britain,
in America, wherever there's a parliament, in
Congo, in different countries, in Argentina.
What do those deputies end up voting for? For
the military budget instead of spending just 3
to 5% of that money on medicine, on healthcare, on
inventing new drugs, to cure ourselves, to study
our own brains. These deputies who are supposed
to represent the people, they say, "Let's just
make more weapons." Presidents also elected by the
people signed decrees. Let's keep making weapons.
But if they were to play chess, they would realize
that the weapons they are inventing will in the
end kill not only them but will destroy all of
humanity. What is the point of this? It is not
needed. So chess, it's something that was brought
in from somewhere else. Man didn't invent them.
You see, aliens invented it. Extraterrestrials
invented it. Other civilizations invented it.
Why does the chessboard have exactly 64 squares
on it? 64 squares. Our DNA is made up of 64 DNA
coids. This is, you know, like information
transfer or in all the chess sets that were
found in America, in Peru, in China, in India,
in Japan. Everywhere there are black and white
squares, black and white. What does that
mean? It's yin and yang, good and evil,
man and woman. This represents the law of unity
and struggle of opposites. This is the specific
code. And so I want to take this opportunity to
present to you. These are kmic national chess made
of felt because we kmix are nomads. Genghaskhan is
our ancestor, a Mongol. He went from one ocean all
the way to the other ocean, the great Genghaskhan.
And all the nomads, every single one played chess.
And these chess sets were crafted from felt.
This is what they actually look like. And this,
you see, is the board itself. It's a felt
one, as you can tell. And these, of course,
are the actual pieces. These figures, you can
see they're all made from bones of different
animals. And this is how it opens up when you're
out on a trip. Wow, it's beautiful. Here's a chess
board. And then we'll arrange all the pieces.
This is beautiful. There you go. What's your
favorite piece on the chess board? A knight.
Indeed. Here's the knight. Are you're a master,
right? You're a chess master. Yes. So,
you must be very good. First move, please.
Yeah. G2 D4. D2. D4. Yeah. I propose we call
it a draw. Perfect. the the first time I've
ever gotten a draw with a master like yourself and
maybe the last time too, but thank you for taking
mercy on me. So, when it comes to chess, you see
in Mongolia, there are archaeological excavations,
burial mounds, and in one of these burial mounds,
they actually found these kinds of figures,
some of which are more than 5,000 years old. in
Peru as well, in Latin countries, in America,
in some other countries. They also discover chess
pieces or chess boards that are several thousand
years old. So, it must be the universal. Back
then, there was no communication, no internet,
nothing at all. So, how did chess get here?
It must have been brought here by another
civilization. For what purpose? In order
for a person to become a bit smarter, yeah,
it's necessary to develop your mind. You've
shown a lot of courage in even discussing
extraterrestrials and your experience with them.
Have you ever met anybody else on your level,
you know, who's prominent in business or a
world leader, president of another country
who also has gotten abducted and come,
you know, gone up on an alien spaceship?
Well, I can speak about some people
but not about the others because they
are currently active politicians. But
I can tell you about the billionaire,
a very well-known businessman in Italy, Zampirini.
He claimed to have met with aliens. He himself is
from Italy. He was the owner of the football
club Sicilia. So when he heard my interview,
he called right away and invited me over. And then
he showed me a field. He had this wheat field,
you see, where a spaceship had landed on several
occasions. The very first time it landed,
it left these distinct circles on the ground. He
invited scientists. They photographed everything.
And then he made these golden plates with imprints
of the spacecraft's landing and gave them to me. I
have one of them at home framed on the wall. My
other friend, well, I can't name him just yet.
He's the president of a country, a very large one.
I was visiting him at his place. During dinner,
his wife said to him, "Kerson spoke publicly about
the aliens. So go on, tell the story. They both
witnessed it." The president and his wife, the
first lady, were on vacation on the coast fishing,
and this ship was descending there. and he says,
"Well, how am I supposed to talk about it? I have
elections coming up. I am the president of this
country, the leader of the party. I'm not yet
as crazy as you are, and I will not reveal
it." He said while he was fishing, he met
the aliens. Did they come down on the spaceship
and come out to him? He saw them. Yes. He said
it happened during fishing and he saw them quite
closely. Another famous person is Vasilei Smith,
the world chess champion. At the opening ceremony
of the world chess championship in the Kremlin
after it had been officially opened, there was
a formal reception followed by a banquet. And
at that banquet, he came up to me with his wife
Nadeshda. He was quite tall, about 2 m. He took me
aside by the elbow, pulling me away very politely.
He leaned in slightly to my ear so no one would
hear and said, "Kersonen, tell me. Tell me, did
you actually meet them?" "Did you meet them?" Then
he leaned back, looking me in the eye. Just answer
yes or no. Yes or no. I said, "Yes, of course."
Then he turned to his wife and said, "That's it.
That's it. Can we publish the recordings now?"
I say, "Why? What happened?" And he said, "In
1974, I've already forgotten whether it was 74
or 72, but in the 70s, he played a match
in Germany against a German chess player,
Hubner. And right before the first game in his
hotel room, he caught a slight cold and had just
ordered some hot tea. So he was just sitting in
his office deep in thought analyzing the game
planning all his moves and then you could say
an alien appeared right before him. He says it
was like well not a physical being but more like
an image a translucent entity or something and
it started moving the pieces on the board. So
if it was moving the pieces then it must have
been material and it showed him the whole match
and the next day the game repeated one to one
the exact chess match that he played against an
extraterrest and documented it in his records
but later when he returned to Moscow back to the
Soviet Union his wife strictly advised him not to
speak of it to anyone after all he was the world
chess champion. So I asked, "Why didn't you tell
us back then in the 70s, 50 years ago?" He said,
"If I had said anything, they would have taken me
to a nutouse." I go, "But I did spoke up." And
he was like, "Well, you're the president. They
probably wouldn't risk taking you there just yet."
At the time of your abduction, uh Boris Yeltson
was president. Uh, did you call him and did you
say, "Hey, I went up on the spaceship with the
aliens and how did he react?" You are constantly
using the term abducted. I was invited by them.
You were invited. You were invited. However, there
was no dedicated meeting about this subject. The
president of Russia regularly holds meetings
inviting governors and presidents of republics.
And at one of the meetings, we were already
leaving. Yeltson said, "Kersonson, please stay
for a couple of minutes." I thought it was just
a question about Kelmikia. So, I stayed. He goes,
"Have a seat. Have a seat." We didn't sit at the
main table where the meeting was, but in another
area with armchairs and a sofa. So, we moved a bit
into another room, another part of the office. So,
we sat down. He was right in front of me and
said, "It's been reported to me that you've
been up there." He was choosing his words so
carefully up there on a spacecraft. He was being
serious but also somewhat joking. I said, "Yes,
something like that happened." I briefly told the
story. He was like, "Yes, I know. I heard about
it. Is everything okay? He asks me. All good,
I said. You mean my mental state, right? Am I
thinking clearly? I haven't gone completely mad.
He just stood up and gave me a pat. He said,
"All right, then carry on with work." And so
I went on to continue working. Did you ever speak
to Putin, who you've had a long relationship with,
about your experience in 1997? Yes. But there
wasn't a specific conversation about that either.
It actually took place after our meeting. Vladimir
Putin invited me specifically to discuss issues
related to the Republic of Kalmikia as well as
the chess championship. So after the presentation,
he took off his jacket and then he said, "Please
tell me exactly how everything transpired, how it
all unfolded." It was a very polite conversation.
Then he asked, "Were you in your right mind then?"
"You weren't drunk, were you?" "Everything was
normal." I said, "Yes, I was completely in my
right mind." He asked, "Why did you decide to
speak about it?" I said, "Well, they asked me
to share the story. It's interesting for other
people." He says, "Well, yes, yes, I told him.
I thought about it for a long time and of course
it's not really normal for me as a politician.
What I'm saying voters, people, Russians, they
won't take me seriously. But on the other hand,
for me, this is the absolute truth and I must
speak the truth. I'm not a careerist. I don't want
to constantly be climbing the corporate ladder or
anything like that. For me, the most crucial thing
is to convey the truth. If I manage to do that,
what more could I possibly say? I thought more
people would pay attention. I've long since begun
to realize that we are not alone. That science
and government need to pay attention to allocate
money and resources. That they shouldn't treat
people with irony if they saw a flying saucer
somewhere, but rather approach it scientifically
at the state level through intergovernmental
research to exchange information. And therefore,
as president of the republic, I officially stated,
I am of sound mind and I am saying that we are not
alone on this planet and we are not alone in the
cosmos. We need to take this matter seriously and
dedicate ourselves to it. Do you think Putin
takes the issue of extraterrestrials and UFOs
seriously? Do you think he's investigated them and
uh really, you know, is interested in that topic?
I know for a fact that this is of utmost
importance and many presidents and governments,
leaders of countries, including Vladimir Putin are
involved. He takes everything very seriously. He
examines every issue in great detail. Whenever
he sits down to have a conversation with you,
he always has a pen and a paper. And no matter
what questions are asked, even chess related ones,
he meticulously writes them all down. Vladimir
Putin's memory is truly phenomenal. He remembers
everything with great clarity. We've known each
other since 1993. It been 32 years now. It was in
93 when I was elected president of Kikia. I was
invited to St. Petersburg by Governor Anatoli
Sochek. At that time we signed the very first
interregional agreement between St. Petersburg and
the Republic of Kikia. And I am grateful to Soch
and Vladimir Putin who was then serving as vice
governor. And thanks to this particular agreement,
we were able to provide a great deal of assistance
to Kelmikia. We also helped the St. Petersburg
city hall to restore a Buddhist temple. It was
built there in St. Petersburg to commemorate the
centenery of the victory over the French. Remember
when Napoleon invaded Russia in 1812? Then in
1814, Russian forces defeated the French army and
Napoleon. And in Paris in 1814, the very first
troops to enter the city were the Calm Cavalry
Ksac regiments, riding on camels, no less. Yes,
they actually rode into Paris on their camels.
And among the crowds gathered to greet them,
a well-known French writer, Honore de Balzac,
was standing there observing the scene. And he saw
the Kmix. He even wrote an essay titled Kmix in
Paris. And another famous French writer, Alexander
Duma, was invited by one of the Kalmic warriors,
our prince. He came to visit. He arrived in
the Kmic steps and lived there for 3 months.
watching camel races and horse races. And he
wrote a great deal about the Kalmic people,
Kelmix. We are not Buddhists by nature. We
are Tangrians. Tangri translated from Kelmic
and Mongolian means sky. We Kelmix believe in
the great sky. That is why I love space. Why
I flew into space. Why aliens come here from
space? Because all the time my grandmother and
the older generations would pray and would
tell us to look to the sky, the great sky,
the great blue sky. And when Genghaskhan began
his great campaigns, the great Genghaskhan always
turned to the sky. Oh great sky, oh great Tangri,
give me strength, Tangri, give me strength, sky.
We draw our energy from the sky, from
space, from the stars. And for Kalmics,
our gaze has always been turned upward, always
looking there. That is Tangrianism. And then
there's another great Kalmick who influenced
the history of 16th of the land on earth was our
fellow countryman Vladimir Leninov, the founder
of the Soviet state and the Communist Party.
The great October revolution took place as you
know and on 16th of the land on earth which is
22.4 million square kilometers a socialist system
was established and after that a communist system
was supposed to be established. So Lenin was a
kmic. His grandmother was Kmic and his grandfather
was a colmic named Ulan. Ulan is a Kmic word and
that is why we Kmiks are proud that our countryman
Lenin Ulanov influenced the development of all
humanity. And when the Democrats came to power
in Moscow in the '90s, the conversation began
about removing him from the mausoleum, you know,
on Red Square. The mausoleum Lenin is lying there
or rather Lenin's body, the corpse of Lenin. And
when the Democrats wanted to remove him from
there to reberry him elsewhere, I spoke out
in his defense as the president of Kelmia, I said
that if they did not want Lenin in Moscow, I was
ready to move the mausoleum to Kikia to Alista
and let our countrymen rest with us in Kelmikia.
You know, there are a couple of uh different
from the US from interviews that I've done.
uh a couple of times the UFOs have come up
in the context of Russia. I was speaking to
a presidential adviser of JFK, LBJ, Nixon and
Ford and he was friends with Anatoli Doinan
and Doinan once brought up UFOs with him and
said he was very interested and I don't know
if you know this but um Medvidev many years
ago I think he might have even been president
at the time gave an interview and it was on
April Fool's Day u but the interviewer asked
him a question and he brought up UFOs and he
said the UFOs are locked up with the nuclear
codes. And he was saying it like it was a
joke, but you couldn't really tell. Maybe
he was a little more serious than than met
the eye. And so it was very very interesting.
And I know you you were um very close with
Putin for a very long time and you advised him
very closely, right? Like we were at at dinner
the other day and you said that um you advised
Putin to um uh uh join NATO in the early 2000s.
Is that correct? As the president of Kelmikia,
I was part of the state council of the Russian
Federation which is headed by the president.
When Yeltson came and then Putin, the communist
ideology disappeared. So we declared that we
would build a market-based state. What
I mean is those fundamental principles,
things like human rights and so on were affirmed
by the constitution of the Russian Federation.
So then the Berlin wall was destroyed completely.
Germany was reunited. The Federal Republic of
Germany and the GDR, the German Democratic
Republic. Everything came together. Seems like
there's no wall between us. We need to stop the
arms race. At that time, Gorbachev was told that
NATO would not advance further, meaning it would
stop. So we were discussing the next steps. And
as one of the suggestions, I would say Vladimir
Putin made a true chess move. He then suggested
to Western countries that Russia could also join
NATO. The confrontation was between NATO and the
Warsaw Pact. Now the Warsaw Pact is disbanded.
It's all gone. The communist idea gone. So now we
have a common enemy, terrorism. Osama bin Laden
was the face of it. Then when September 11th
happened, Putin was the very first president to
call the president of the United States of America
to express condolences to the American people
and the president of the United States. And so
the president of Russia said, "Why don't we unite
together in the fight against a common evil? Yes,
terrorism. But on the other hand, there
are good and not so good extraterrestrials,
right? Some of them might even want to enslave our
earth. So we need to defend ourselves against a
cosmic threat. Not in the sense that someone wants
to bomb us, but you know when a huge asteroid is
flying toward us, something like that could wipe
out our entire civilization. So we also need to
prepare a kind of weapon that could break up that
asteroid before it even reaches Earth. That's what
our president of Russia meant, that we should
unite against a common enemy of humanity. So why
aren't we combining our efforts? But back then
they didn't listened to that idea. And if they
had followed through if a dialogue had begun, it
would have been good for us ordinary people, for
us simple citizens of Earth. I see myself not only
as a citizen of the Republic of Kelmeia, not only
as a citizen of the Russian Federation. I feel
like a citizen of our earth, meaning I consider
myself a member of Earth itself. In 93 when I
became president of the Republic of Kelmikia,
I abolished the old constitution and we adopted
a new one, a new constitution of Kalikia. And in
94 we had a new article 10. Our article number
10. It states that all citizens of the republic
of Kalikia meaning everyone living in Kalikia
are responsible for everything that happens on
the planet on earth for hunger in Africa for the
ozone hole. Let's say somewhere over Australia
where because of these greenhouse gases and all
that a hole might be forming if some asteroid is
flying toward us all of that. We actually put
that into our constitutional norms. Meaning we
wrote in there that we are responsible not only
for the problems on the territory of the Republic
of Kelmikia or the Russian Federation, but that
we carry responsibility for the continuation of
life on Earth so that we pass this planet, our
life here onto our children, our grandchildren,
our descendants and leave it in the same condition
in which we received it. And we wrote that into
the constitution of Kalmikia that we must unite.
That was the message our president was sending.
And what we wrote into the constitution of Kalikia
in 94 became a constitutional norm. Meaning we are
responsible for all of this. And thanks to that
constitution in the schools of the Republic of
Kelmikia students began receiving lectures on
ethnoplanetary thinking. We began developing
ethnoplanetary thinking in children, an ethno
way of thinking so that a person's thinking,
people's thinking wouldn't be limited. So
that a child's consciousness, a young person's
consciousness wouldn't be confined by the borders
of their city or by the borders of the United
States or France or Russia, but by the borders of
the North and South Poles. Our earth is our home,
our native home. And we have to protect this home
and pass it on to others. That's the main message.
And the aliens who come here and observe us. They
want us to pass this planet on in good condition
so that we keep developing and eventually reach
their level. This is what Buddhism teaches.
On that note, when you mentioned Nixon and Brev
speaking and Nixon giving information to the
Soviet Union in the 70s about what the CIA and the
White House knew about UFOs and aliens, was there
ever a time where there was a joint space effort
uh where both the Soviets and the US were working
on UFOs and alien technology together? uh and if
not, do you think it's possible in the future?
Of course, there were contacts and cooperation
between the ministries of defense of the United
States of America, the United Kingdom, and the
Soviet Union. If these contacts had not occurred,
a nuclear war could have started, some major armed
conflict. very large unidentified underwater craft
were discovered and cited in the Pacific Ocean.
The United States Marine Forces believed it might
be a new weapon developed by the Soviet Union. And
on the other side, our submariners thought it was
an American weapon and an incredibly powerful
one. And not only there, it was found in the
Baltic Sea, the North Sea region, and the Atlantic
Ocean. everywhere. After that, despite everything,
intelligence agencies and ministries began
reaching out to each other. That's how it
happened. It is a rare situation, but an exchange
was still underway to prevent this collision,
and it was recorded. And not only there, many
such objects were recorded in the sky as well,
but the public receives this information in
small doses. On the one hand, I believe that
it is the right thing. If all this information
were simply given to a common person, they could
lose their mind. Humanity needs to be prepared
gradually. Such broadcasts, the interviews you
conduct. They help reduce this cosmic illiteracy.
I would say, wow. Where did you learn about the
information that the United States and the Soviet
Union were coordinating on finding these objects
underwater in the Baltic Sea in the Atlantic
Ocean? Where did you learn about this? Well,
first of all, I served in the Army in special
forces communication troops. We had classified
communications equipment, space stations. During
the exercises on the Black Sea, several dozen
unidentified craft flew in directly. People even
photographed them with simple cameras. This was in
1981. The guys went out with those basic cameras
and took pictures. But then a commission arrived
from Moscow from the central headquarters. All the
cameras were taken away and destroyed. Everyone
was made to sign an agreement that nobody would
say anything that nobody saw anything in the sky,
nothing at all. And such agreements still exist
to this day. I signed one of those as well.
That is why there is military secrecy. But there
are journalists who must reveal this secrecy at
times in order to preserve, I repeat, humanity.
Right now, the question is about preserving our
planet. Yeah. Well, I I I hope you inspire the
world with this interplanetary curriculum that
you were instituting in Kelia. uh because I do
think you know if there's a reality a greater
reality to the extraterrestrial presence I think
it's important that young people know and are
aware of this um one thing I wanted to ask you is
you had some interactions with the great mystic
Babaanga who foretold a lot of what eventually
happened in your life and she was famous for
being so psychic and so mentally attuned that
she could do this with many people but you
experienced it yourself in your own personal life
is Is that right? It is no coincidence that the
Academy of Sciences of France and Belgium
officially recognized her back in the 70s,
50 years ago as humanity's number one phenomenon.
And I am truly grateful to fate to my good fortune
for the fact that I met extraterrestrials and that
I met Sai Baba and that I meet with the Dalai Lama
and with Baba Vanga. Baba Vanga is a phenomenon of
humanity. She was a blind old woman. As a child,
when she was little, she lost her sight at 12.
She was already blind before the Second World
War and she lived in a simple village. At first,
people came to her from nearby villages, then from
nearby towns, and later from different countries.
And when I met with her, people stood in line for
her. They booked appointments a year in advance.
English bankers, Arab shakes, prime ministers,
and heads of state all signed up. She and I were
friends. I met with her 20, 30 times, maybe 40.
I met with her many times, not just because I
wanted to learn something about my own future,
but simply because sometimes she called, I would
fly in, and it was interesting for me myself to
see how she knew things. I asked her how. For her,
the present, as it were, simply didn't exist. She
calmly moved between the future and the past.
She could see such a unique gift. I asked her,
"Where did it come from?" She said, "Kersonen,
I truly don't know. It's as if something just
opens up like a channel, you know, like a kind of
corridor." And she saw these images. She was able
to perceive the information. Well, to put it in
modern language, Baba Vanga was like a conductor.
She probably connected to this vast immense cosmic
computer. This is what's called a deity god,
right? This is some kind of database, isn't
it? Like a hard drive. All information about
the past and the future is recorded there on the
computer's disc. And she would just access it like
an antenna, read the information and say it out
loud. I wanted to ask her, "Where should I go now?
Where should I establish my main business? In
the United States or should I stay in Europe,
in Switzerland or Russia? And I didn't even get
to finish the question. She could read minds,
you know, like aliens or like uh the people of
Atlantis. And then all of a sudden, she tells me,
"Ah, you'll go back home. You'll be the leader.
You'll be president there." I said, "Well,
I'm still quite young. I was only 29 years old
at the time. Besides, I'm not planning to well
return to Calmia. I want to continue developing
myself. I'm in Moscow now and then to America.
That's what I want. No, she says, "You'll be there
a long time. You'll work a long time." I say,
"No. Are you kidding me? Just tell me exactly
where I'll be working. In Switzerland, in Geneva,
or will I be working in New York?" She says, "Oh,
you won't go. You'll be back soon. soon you'll be
going back. And half a year later, I'm nominated
as president, a candidate for the presidency
of Kelmikia. The elections were incredibly
challenging, very intense. My opponents included
a well-known general, a hero of the Soviet Union,
a veteran of the Afghan war, and a deputy of
the Soviet Parliament. Another one was the first
secretary of the regional party committee. And I,
at that time, was only 29, just turning 30 years
old. And yet, I won. I won. And the day before
that, it was still completely unclear. They didn't
even count the ballots. But a telegram arrived
from Bulgaria. It said Kalikia to President Keren,
meaning Baba Vanga already knew well in advance,
you see, that I would become president. Then in
the spring of 1995, in April of 95, Baba Vanga and
her niece call me saying, "Kerson, come here." And
the niece briskly asks, "Kerson, what happened to
you?" It's as if Baba Vanga sees two Kerans, two
presidents. I arrive at Baba Vanga's place and we
sit down. She was having a meal. The weather was
warm outside, so she was at the outdoor table with
those typical rustic benches. I sat down across
from her and Baba Vanga then said, "Oh, Ken, he's
so thin, yet he's sitting on two chairs." That is
to say, the bench was like two seats. He occupies
two chairs, two presidential positions. I said,
"Baba Vanga, I am just the president of Kelmikia
now. There's so much work. What other presidency
could there be?" She laughed and said, "You will
lead. You will be the head of a very, very big
global organization. The organization of the
smartest people, that is to say, chess players."
This took place in April of 95. And then on
November 24th, 95, just 6 months later in Paris,
I was elected president of chess federation.
And she calls me, "Oh, you've become a double
president, two presidents." And I was entered into
the Guinness book as a person holding two elected
posts simultaneously. This is all Baba Vanga. She
made many more predictions about 10 major ones.
And from 10 of them, eight predictions came true.
That's amazing. Did Did you ever talk to her about
your um going up on the alien spaceship? Did you
ever talk to her about extraterrestrials? And do
you think she knew anything about those subjects?
She knew we weren't alone here. And one time I
accompanied her from the small house where she
rested and received people and we walked. She was
blind. So she took my hand and we walked quietly.
She had so many flowers in her yard and suddenly
she stopped by one flower. How are you? How is he
doing? She asked about someone specific. Then
she paused by another flower and I asked her,
"Who exactly are you speaking with?" She replied,
"I'm speaking with so and so." She could see it.
A person would die and their souls would remain.
So she spoke with invisible beings and with souls
and people, well, extraterrestrials, they might be
materialized souls from past lives. In Buddhism,
we live 108 lives. And some beings can
materialize. She was talking to them all
the time. And one time she even told me that it
was hard to live. Very hard. She says, "Kersonen,
it's so hard. She would get up at night." Look,
just imagine she lived here in the current time.
And at the same time, she lived in the past and
in the future. Meaning, she talked to people who
had already died, who were no longer here. and
she talked to those who hadn't been born yet,
who would be born 10 or 100 years from now.
She moved between realities, but sometimes
she couldn't, I guess, make contact. For several
days, she wouldn't receive anyone. She would say,
"I don't hear anything." And the people who had
appointments would wait another few days and she
kept saying, "I don't hear anything. I don't see
anything." Even though she was blind. And I asked
her, I said, "So, are we alone here?" Or, she
even hit me a little and said, "What's wrong with
you? Are you stupid or what? Can't you see? It's
all around you. There it is. There it is. It's
absolutely everywhere. It's here and it's there on
the ground and underneath the ground and up in the
sky. Baba Vanga, she saw all of this. And for her,
it was a torment because she was constantly among
them. And so she always had to return to this
reality. We never really talked about, you know,
spacecraft or anything like that. We just didn't
go into that. But what we did talk about and
what she herself kept telling me was this was
that she sees these entities everywhere, these
uh these souls. And that's why people went to her
and the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences studied her,
the French Academy of Sciences as well. And her
predictions Not just some of them, most of them. I
forgot the exact number, but around 90%. 95%. Even
judging by my own experience, yeah, a lot of the
things she told me a year later, 10 years later,
20 years later, they came true. And when I came to
see her, my friends, ministers, governors, really
important people would ask me to talk to her on
their behalf. I can't talk about them. They're a
bit shy. And then a year, two or 10 years later,
what Baba Vanga told them, it came true. You
mentioned an underground civilization. And I
just did actually a documentary about Peru where
they have these beings that have three fingers,
three toes, and they're mummies. And it looks
like they're coming out of tunnels underground.
And there's even speculation that it's a global
civilization. There was a a being found in the
snow in Siberia. And it was right after actually
a UFO appeared in Kutsk. Uh where a lot of people,
the villagers of Kutsk said, "We see a UFO. We see
a UFO." There was a bright light. It seemed to be
a crash. And then two of the villagers,
these two students found this Russian,
this this little snow alien is what it's called.
And that's actually I wouldn't be with you today
if I hadn't had covered that story because uh
Marshall I I basically said if anybody knows these
guys who see who saw the alien get in contact with
me cuz I want to see whether it's real or fake or
you know what's what's going on with this being.
And because the being looks so much like what I
saw in Peru so I wondered if it's like some global
underground civilization. And so my my question is
do you think there's some underground civilization
that's maybe as advanced or more advanced than
human beings? Well, I don't just think I am sure.
I know. Even Baba Vanga told me. Sometimes she
would point down with her finger and say they
are talking there. They are there. And I asked
her who is there? I thought she meant the people
who had been buried. No, she said they live there.
That was the kind of conversation we had. And I
know some scientists who study caves and rocks.
When I was in the Caucasus, when I was in India,
in Tibet, in the Alaii, they found traces there,
places where someone lived or where someone
still lives and comes out from there. For me
this is natural. In some books and studies it is
written that deep down all the way to the core of
the earth there are civilizations there as well.
They live there maybe in some different form.
Scientists keep discovering things. There was a
volcano recently. I forgot which one. Lava was
erupting and in that magma they discovered living
beings, microbes. So there is life even in that
molten mass. If these microorganisms exist there,
then other forms of life exist as well. Fairy
tales and legends did not appear for no reason.
There is the Kalmic epic called Jungari. It was
passed down from generation to generation.
It's not just centuries but even millennia
old. And it was passed down not in writing but
through songs through these ancient tales. And
in the Jungre epic, the underworld is described.
How creatures live there, how they communicate,
how they come to the surface. Sometimes they
don't come out, they get recorded. That's how
it is. Well, it needs to be studied. That's why I
say governments should seriously pay attention to
this and officially allocate funds. But it's not
just governments. There are also many businessmen,
including American ones I know, who, so to
speak, direct money towards studying these
extraterrestrial civilizations and civilizations
that are underwater. It's quite fascinating to
observe. We're launching cosmic vessels, sending
satellites to Mars, to Venus, way, way out into
deep space, aren't we? Yet we can't construct an
underwater device that could descend to a depth
of 10 or even 11 km. Quite remarkable, isn't it?
Because it's getting torn apart. We fly into space
to the stars. But here on Earth, on our own Earth,
we go underwater for about 8 km. If you take the
Earth's crust, like an apple, just imagine an
apple. Then the Earth's crust is like the peel
of that apple. and the rest down to the earth's
core. How many thousands? 40,000 kilometers. Is
that right? How many different beings, different
civilizations live there? There are many and
they also fight each other there. They set rules
sometimes coming to the surface. When John Paul
II said that we are not alone in the universe, do
you think he was referring to extraterrestrials?
I don't know if I could go back to that
conversation, I would ask him in more detail.
Sometimes when speaking with great people, I
feel happy that from an early age, life brought
me together with such remarkable individuals and
geniuses as John Paul II, his holiness the Dalai
Lama, Baba Vanga, Sai Bababa and many others.
Henry Kissinger, other presidents, unusual people,
scientists, Joris Alfarov, a Nobel Prize winner,
a very strong physicist. You know these kinds of
minds, the greatest minds, real geniuses, all
of them said we are not alone. So how do we
understand that? That means you know we are a part
it seems of that grand thing called the universe
and there are energies but people well people
sure they're beings but we often look at it too
narrowly as if intelligence can only exist inside
a body yet take ball lightning. Ball lightning
appears out of nowhere and then disappears as a
flash. Right? So it comes from another dimension
and lightning that ball of energy that's also a
kind of living being and our whole universe is
made of dark energy and light energy. The universe
exists through the interaction even the sort of
struggle between light and dark energy. And our
universe exists inside dark energy. What is it
that holds the planets, the constellations, the
galaxies together? We're sitting in this black
black mass where it's zero, where it's nothing,
where this dark energy is, but it's alive,
too. It kind of breathes. And that whole idea
of yin and yang, man and woman, angel and devil,
right? The almighty, all of that, the black and
the white, the constant opposition. Just like in
chess, black and white squares, black and white
pieces, all of it. And we need to see our life as
a whole made of light and dark. And like they say
in Buddhism and like scientists say too, thought
is material. When you think about something, it
can manifest. But it's the energy itself that
manifests. And that's why we need to do more
positive things, good things. And our thoughts
should be good and positive. The more our thoughts
are directed towards something positive, something
kind, something bright. And what is the light?
It's light itself. God is light. God is love.
So if we start loving each other more as humanity
loving our planet more then people will begin to
generate more light energy meaning positive light
energy and we'll start to shine. So if 8 billion
people all at once started thinking about kindness
about love about compassion for one another. The
earth would sort of glow from within a bit. this
white energy would appear. And for God, for the
Almighty, he has so many, many, many planets
like ours, billions of them. He doesn't really
have time to look down at Earth. If suddenly our
Earth through positive thoughts, good thoughts,
bright thoughts, gives off even a tiny spark
of light for a second, God would glance at it,
and that would mean we received God's blessing.
When we come to church, we ask for God's blessing.
We ask for God to look at us. And when all of
humanity thinks about something good at the same
time, then God will look at our earth and we'll
live well. Who do you think in the world knows
more about this subject than anyone? Is there
one person where if you could interview them
or ask them questions, you you think they might
know more about extraterrestrials than anyone
else? Is there a scientist or world leader? every
person, you as well, the cameraman, anyone at all,
all people are experts, all 8 billion. And after I
said that I had met them, a lot of people started
reaching out to me. People wrote letters,
you know, called me, emailed me from Japan,
from America, from Africa, from everywhere. Many
thanked me, said thank you. Thank you for saying
it. Now we will also say that we met them. So
in every person's life there are moments when
they saw something unusual. Maybe a craft flew
by or someone slipped in. Someone came into the
room walking around and you don't understand who
it is. Is it a little ghost or who is it? Right?
Some kind of invisible being. So every day we run
into some sort of miracle. People don't talk about
it because they're afraid of condemnation,
of criticism and all that. But in reality,
everyone, all kinds of experts and ordinary
people, starting from a simple sailor, a farmer,
a worker, a scientist, an astronaut, a pilot, a
submariner, everyone has had cases of contact.
That's why I'm saying we need some kind of unified
program. A program under the United Nations, one
that would gather all this information, summarize
it, work together with artificial intelligence,
and then develop well probably a common approach.
We need to come to the idea that we should have a
common constitution. You know, the the head of the
Israeli Space Force, he's won a lot of national
security awards in Israel. His name is Heim Esed.
He said that there's a galactic federation and
there's a space program involving people on Mars.
He said all these amazing things in his biography.
Are you aware of that? And do you think that
those claims are valid? Well, because of my work,
I visited many places and talked to many people.
There are different programs. There are research
projects and so on. There is certain knowledge
that some countries have. Some churches have,
some institutes have, but maybe the time has not
yet come when everyone needs to unite. I also ask
them why they take some people like they took
me and tomorrow they might take you and so on.
So they want to create a critical mass. The more
people who will somehow see them, contact them,
talk about this, the faster human consciousness
will come to the idea that we are not alone,
that we need to unite. We need to work together
to create in this direction. We need to look for
ways to preserve our planet. Do you think there
are any human programs where we send astronauts
into deep space like other solar systems or human
programs where anything you know paranormal occurs
where like we time travel? You know, do you think
there are human space programs that go above and
beyond what NASA, SpaceX, you know, rockets do?
Well, these programs are known. And as for any
secret programs, at least I have not heard of
them. I do not know about those programs. So,
but maybe others, the civilizations that are
here on our Earth, maybe they are working on
this. But the most important thing is not
to send a spacecraft farther and farther.
The most important thing is to start studying our
own brain, our own mind as soon as possible. Yeah,
that was beautiful. So uh you knew Saddam
Hussein at the very end of his life and
you tried to advise him in a way that you thought
might protect him and uh prevent uh the invasion
of Iraq which was you know the the whole world at
the time thought that Saddam Hussein had weapons
of mass destruction and Washington thought that as
well. So what exactly did you tell Saddam Hussein?
Saddam Hussein. I met him very often starting
from 93. I had a mandate then from the president
of Russia Boris Yelten. I came there talked with
him many times. We even managed to hold a chess
championship there among the Arab countries.
And in that last year when the situation really
heated up for some reason Saddam Hussein believed
they would not attack. But when it became clear,
when it was already certain there would be
bombings and that Saddam Hussein would be killed,
I flew to him. I told him the information from
all the services that the attack was coming
now and that he could leave the country. If you
want, then leave the country. But the best thing
I said is to show it to the journalists. At that
time there were many journalists staying at the
al-Rashid hotel and in front of the entrance on
the floor. There was a mosaic of Bush senior and
it said Bush is killer. There was one architect
there and during the bombings his whole family was
killed and he made this so that people would step
on it. And I suggested to Saddam Hussein let's
make an unusual move. Let's go to the al-Rashid.
The journalists are there. We put all of them on
a bus and on that bus we go to the warehouse. They
kept saying that this warehouse was never opened
for the UN staff or for the chemical weapons
commission. He kept telling me there is nothing
there. I said, "All right, do it then. They will
attack anyway. They will bomb everything. They
will kill you anyway. At least give a chance to
your people, to your country. Let's go there.
Open all the warehouses. Let the journalists film
everything with their cameras everywhere so they
see there is no chemical weapon there. What did
he say? He was stunned, shocked by such a move. I
said, "Well, I am a chess player. I look multiple
steps ahead. Let's go through this. There's
nothing bad here. Not in terms of security. You're
on a bus. On the other hand, you'll show the world
your openness. You're telling me this now. You're
telling your son, your ministers, but tell this
to journalists. They're all over the world now.
The discussion will begin. Address the United
Nations. They have a security council. Members of
the security council, I openly invite you all here
to Baghdad. Look, I've opened all the warehouses.
Will they still bomb? He said nothing in shock.
Then he took time to think. He didn't answer right
away. He said, "This is very unexpected." Then we
left and about two hours later, Kusay, the head of
security and the younger son with an interpreter
arrived. He said, "My father refuses. He won't
do it." And then uh just a few days later, they
called me and told me that the bombings were about
to begin. So I flew out of there. And just a few
hours later, Iraq was bombed. Saddam Hussein was
hanged and you had a similar experience. You were
also longtime friends with Gaddafi and you were
also with him towards the end of his life. Do you
want to tell that story? He was a very interesting
person. He wrote poetry. He got into Buddhism,
reincarnation of the soul and all that. And in the
last days too when they were saying that Gaddafi
was killed, that he was not alive, that he ended
up in a psychiatric hospital. There were all kinds
of rumors because for about a month he did not
appear on camera. He was nowhere to be seen. And
then I arrived. It was the 12th of June, Russia
day. His eldest son, Muhammad, called. He told me,
"Kersonen, please go outside. There's a car
waiting for you. Get in that car and don't say a
single word. We arrived at the stadium which was
the Olympic Committee building. We went inside,
Muhammad met me and we started going up the stairs
and there standing right there was Gaddafi. We sat
down with him and talked for a long time and the
chess set stood in the corner of the office where
we were talking. I went in, took a chess set,
set it up and said, "Shall we play?" He said,
"How can we play chess now?" I said, "There is the
cameraman. He will come in now. Let him film it
and they will show it on Libyan television. In a
minute, all the TV channels in the world will show
it. First, that you are live and second that you
are playing chess. It means your head is working."
He looked at me in an interesting way. Let's
play. We started playing. We ended in a draw and
literally a few minutes later, all the TV channels
in the world would have shown it. Everyone started
calling me kersonen kersonen how is Gaddafi
feeling how is everything and he became very
serious then said they will kill me I can feel it
I said well come on let's fly out let's go there
are planes you can leave the country so there
will not be a big war here no my adopted daughter
is buried here my 10-month-old granddaughter was
killed by the bombs, by the air bombs from their
planes. And in this very soil, my ancestors are
buried. I know that they will kill me and it will
be a very difficult death. But I will remain here
on my own land with my people. And he says, "You,
you must go." He escorted me away. Well, but I
will remain. And so he remained. And a tragedy
happened. They tore him apart and tore apart the
country. The Libyan Jamaha was one country and now
it is war divided with internal conflicts going
on. Very sad. Such is the way of fate. Speaking
of global conflict, now we have Russia, Ukraine.
Many in the West are wondering if there's ever
going to be an end to this war. I'm sure many in
Russia feel the same way. Uh do you think there's
any hope uh for an end to the war? It seems
to be this just long war of attrition. Um and
uh what do you think the right strategy is? Like
you know you are a longtime ally of and and friend
of Putin's. Is there anything he can do? Is
there anything Zalinski can do to to stop this?
It may seem strange, but Putin, the president
of the Russian Federation, is doing everything
everything to stop the war. So that those
conditions not conditions but those principles
those principles of agreement between Russia and
Ukraine which our president put forward and which
the Russian foreign ministry through Sergey Lavrov
informs all foreign ministers and so on. It's all
on the table. Our principles they were clear from
the very beginning. They were strict. If these
principles had been followed and if the western
countries had followed them too, including the
United States of America, there would be no war
in Ukraine. It just exists now. We do not call it
a war. We call it a special military operation.
And it is in everyone's interest, in everyone's
interest that this war does not exist and in the
interest of the presidents as well. and Vladimir
Putin at the meeting when they met far away in
Alaska with the president of the United States,
Donald Trump, he confirmed our conditions again.
They are on the table. They are all visible.
The truth should prevail. Yes, we guarantee
security, he said. And now as a politician,
why would I repeat it? They are already on the
table. They are clear to everyone. We simply
need to sit down and agree on what has already
been defined there. And regarding the first
negotiations that took place in Istanbul, that
is between Russia and the president, we strictly
adhere to those principles and the proposals that
we put forward which we offered several years ago.
It's elementary. There is nothing else new to be
found here. So what what do you think um is the
is the only path forward for Ukraine to give up
to seed territory in the Donbas and Donetsk and
Luhansk? Is that the only path forward? Is there
is there any other sort of way out of the the
conflict? Right now there's absolutely no point
in specifically discussing Donbass or any other
constituent entity of the Russian Federation.
There are proposals. They are all on the table
and they simply must sit down. People often wonder
what exactly is politics or what is diplomacy.
They are fundamentally a constant struggle of
compromises. This means that every single side
must make some kind of movement. The history
of humanity always tells us this. Every armed
conflict stretching back to the most ancient
times, even when our ancestors were hunting
mammoths, invariably concludes with peace. and I
truly hope that peace will ultimately prevail on
this earth. Do you think Putin wants peace and do
you think Zalinski wants peace? Absolutely 100%. I
am 100% certain Putin is striving for peace. But
Vladimir Zalinski also needs to listen to both
the president of Russia and the president of the
United States of America and make the right move.
But the most important thing is he was once
elected by the people but now he is considered
well the elections were not held and our side
considers him illegitimate now believing that
elections should take place there. However, it
is widely believed that no elections can be held
during a time of war. Well, many questions
are already emerging from this situation.
I'm not directly involved in this particular
process, but the parties always possess the
right and the opportunity to reach an agreement.
What do you think in in our lifetime? Do you think
something much bigger happens with the UFO and
extraterrestrial topic? Do you think we could see
a paradigm shift on this subject? Everything is
changing. The paradigm is shifting now. Ideologies
and principles. If there were once Adam and Eve,
if there's a man and a woman, then why do some
countries claim there are no men, no women,
but only it? Maybe they're correct. It's like
with God. Some believe in God. But on the other
hand, out of 8 billion, 1 billion are atheists.
That also exists. We somehow have to come to
terms with that. We somehow have to coexist
on this earth, on this planet. The paradigm of
relationships is changing now. And why is that?
Because if you look further into the universe,
there's dark energy and light energy. And which
one will win? There is currently a battle between
the light cosmic energy and the dark energy. A
battle for our earth, for our minds. Do you ever
still communicate with the extraterrestrials,
maybe with your mind? Do you ever try to tap in
and speak to them even now after your experience?
No, we haven't communicated. There haven't
been any more such contacts. They don't reach
out to me. I don't reach out either. I'm just
living my own life. I meet with you. I play
chess. Everything keeps going, keeps moving.
And somewhere something is predetermined. As
Baba Vanga said, it is written up there. And we
must go through suffering too. Now we have an
era, an era in Buddhism called the Buddha of
suffering. And now the Buddha of compassion is
going into the future. And another Buddha comes in
his place, the Buddha of love. So we are probably
standing right on the threshold of meeting this
Buddha of love, a new deity, new relationships.
That's a beautiful message to the world. And I
think uh we should maybe think about interviewing
other world leaders about uh the extraterrestrial
presence. like I would love to go with you to the
Daly Lama and speak to him about what he thinks
about UFOs and extraterrestrials. And I think
if we do that, we can uh maybe we can cause
an awakening. Thank you. Thank you very much.
It's an honor. Thank you. Let us pray. We will.
We will. Well, it's been an honor and I really
uh I hope that other world leaders and other
people at your level have the same courage as
you because it wasn't easy to come out and
be public about what you experienced. But
I think it's very profound and very important and
I think uh more people should listen and and take
note and and and and follow suit. Thank you very
much. I think that if after this interview there
are more people who understand it and respond
with understanding, then we've done our job.
But if they start criticizing it, saying that the
respected journalist found some crazy guy, some
fool talking about little yellow or green people,
then it means we still have a lot of work to do.
No, I think uh more and more people in the US at
very high levels are taking this subject extremely
seriously and we have a lot of people coming
from the government, you know, who who come out
of these programs who say I worked on a craft or
I retrieved a craft or I saw a bunch of files or
photos and you know secure facilities. A ton of
people from all sorts of backgrounds that don't
even coordinate with each other. So in the US,
we even have bill we have we have a bill that
the Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer just uh
presented to the floor. It has it mentions UAP and
NHI non-human intelligence 65 times. So uh I think
it's being taken seriously at the highest levels
in in the US government. Um, but the sad thing is
you don't have Trump, you don't have the president
coming out officially and saying it, even though
everybody knows, everybody knows in Washington and
everybody knows even in the public. So, it really
takes a lot of courage and it's amazing to see you
who you're a you're an actual, you know, former
president uh to come out and say, you know, this
is what I experienced. I think it really means
a lot and hopefully we'll continue to push other
leaders and other people at your level to to also
come forward about their experiences. Thank you.
Over the last couple of months, we've been
designing the new American Alchemy merch drop,
and I'm excited to say that the 2025 winter drop
is finally ready. We now have 30 uniquely designed
pieces that really reflect what American Alchemy
is all about. This drop includes epic t-shirts,
long sleeves, crew necks, hoodies,
tapered sweatpants, hats, totes, mugs,
and tumblers. The Fukushima Japan pieces, for
example, have detailed left chest embroidery.
The Morning of Earth designs went through multiple
revisions to get the fit exactly right. And the
Iron Horse tea is something I think will be a
hit for anyone who loved the UFO cowboy or our
Atomic Age shirts from our last drop. We cut a
lot of things that didn't meet our standards,
and we're really, really proud of each of
these items. Everything is pretty limited,
so there's no endless restocks. Once
it's gone, it's entirely gone. If you
missed anything from our original drops
and you want to go out and represent,
now's the time to go grab something. So go to
americanalchemymerch.com to check it all out.